Now let's take a moment to overview what we learned in this section up until now.
In this section we've taken an overview of and we see and Springhill we see Application Development
Dan we learned how spring handles resources and static content with resources directory.
We understood what template thing is and what a template engine does.
And as a result we took a closer look at time.
We have template engine which is the one that we choose and keep using in the following sections.
With time we've we worked on a simple application to test out the capabilities of time we've Anggun
and certainly a template page with our controller.
And finally I gave you an exercise so that you could check out and play around with timely engine.
I hope you did well on your assignment and created everything you need to serve a template from your
web application.
In order to dive into another ryd aspect of spring and that is spring data then Alcyone the next section.